welcome to the man of recaps this is
Westworld season 3 episode 6
we begin with May Eve in a virtual
paradise world it's not the real one her
daughter and the other hosts escape -
it's just us and rocks copy of it maple
was stabbed with the samurai sword last
we saw her so that body's dead but
they're building her a new one in the
meantime she's hanging out here it's
kind of boring here though so actually
she goes back to the World War 2
simulation to beat up some Nazis and
blow off steam
now William the man in black is now the
man in white his therapist is trying to
get him to open up about the death of
his daughter no one actually knows that
he's the one who shot her he finally
does start talking about it but his
session is interrupted if the horses big
data leak just happened and his
therapist like so many others sees that
their future is very bleak she can't
help William now her life's falling
apart then she does hang herself in her
office Charlotte Hale Dolores visits her
son and ex-husband she's like hey did
you read your future do we get back
together but he didn't even read it he's
like you know I'm not gonna let some
computer decide my life for me you and I
get to decide if we want to be together
and this resonates with Charlotte should
this is like a real family for her now
she's called an emergency Delos board
meeting to take the company private
before Ciroc can buy it out but Soraka
is on top of this assassinates the other
board member right here in broad
daylight
Hawke still thinks at this point that
Charlotte Hale is secretly working for
him he doesn't know yet that she's
actually Dolores and is the one working
against him so Ciroc buyout goes through
he's the owner of Delos surak's using
Delos to print may have a new body but
also he's printing her some friends to
help in the fight against Dolores yes he
is bringing back at door he gets his
mind sent over it plugs it into the
simulation with Maeve and Maeve and
Hector are reunited let's rock has no
interest in the other hosts in fact he
wants to destroy them all so Dolores
can't like use them in a robot uprising
but Dolores is endgame mission is to
save all the hosts to make the world
into a robot paradise for him so
Charlotte Dolores is backing up all that
data this guy finds are doing it so he's
gotta snap a neck it's rock has another
present for me if he picked up the
memory core of the Scottish security guy
which is really Dolores so may even
Dolores have a chat in the virtual world
here they basically agreed to disagree
on the best way to save robot kind
now William is assigned for some virtual
reality therapy he sees a kid version of
himself and he's transported back to his
childhood home this is not a happy
memory for him though seems like he had
an abusive father and he starts freaking
out a Bites disorder please finger off
uh later though Williams led to group
therapy and it's a group of other
Williams and the sessions led by none
other
James loz it's kind of funny and goes as
you might expect they all argue with
each other about whose fault it is they
turn into a psychopath it comes back to
the big question he's been asking
himself did he have any control over his
life
or was he predetermined to end up like
this and he's finally come to her
realization if you can't tell it doesn't
matter her yeah that's a throwback to
what the Welcome host said when he first
went to West world so basically his
epiphany is that he could never really
know if free will actually exists so
what does it matter he decides the best
thing for him to do right now is to
brutally kill all the alternate versions
of himself
Williams bashing his younger self with a
chair and he says he finally understands
his purpose he says it doesn't matter
who he's been now he is the good guy so
we'll find out later I guess what good
guy means to him but for now he's
actually found by Bernard yeah I'm not
sure how Bernard ended up here but he
wakes him up from virtual reality and
he's like yo I'll come with me then
Soraka calls an emergency board meeting
he's got some big news one of them is a
host and he knows it's Charlotte he'll
figured out that she's Dolores he claims
what gave it away is how much she's
cared about her son lately the real
Charlotte Hale always put work first
but char Loras is prepared for this
that's no coffee thermos she's gassing
them all she goes to shoot Ciroc blam oh
but he's just a hologram again this dude
is never actually really anywhere so
Charlotte's got a fight her way out of
here she swings by the basement where
they're building Maeve's new friend but
they're very much against each other
right now she can't let me have allies
so she grabs Hector's control units and
smashes it no door not like this finally
she's cornered but she's got one more
trick up her sleeve the giant
transformer death robot boom through the
wall oh yes this thing is epic blenheim
knocking guys around covers her escape
maybe new body does finish printing and
now that Dolores has killed her love
heck door she is mad so Charlotte
Dolores grabs her family like hey don't
mind my bullet wounds long story short
my boss is trying to kill us she's gonna
run away with them go off the grid and
have a new happy life but boom Oh Ciroc
had her car bombed Roebuck Charlotte
survives she crawls out of there burned
up anakin skywalker style and now that
sir rocks murdered her family she's
about to go full Darth Vader on his ass
and that's where episode six comes to an
end hit that subscribe button for more
of the best recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to stuff
the channel and be a recap champion